Y
I'm Hector Ramírez, Ballesteros
free swimming team we are in the valley
of iruelas to make our second
Butterfly crossing in open waters
when we have arrived we have seen that the
water level has dropped quite well
that we're going to have to change the
travel because if not we will not be able to
complete the 10 km
and we know nothing is going to be hard the
crossing
I'm prepared so I hope that
enjoy this
the sun rises in australia swimmers
white sharks swim in the waters of
italy with waves for competition
swimmers will fight to be the champion
beyond the horizon dreams come true
downcast swimmers
everything is in its place swimming free is
ready to set sailors out
large crosses in hawaii on the canals
of molokai blue whales snakes of
free swimming coral is in this place
in the estuary of navia Spanish swimmers
they plow cold waters they want to be the
top
swimming free of tangible free salt
swimmer in the spirit of a loser and
champion of the soul the art and the party are
faithful friends in open water
there are no lanes or swimmers borders
without barriers swimming free the new era
Y
three years is usually a see
I am sanzar without de walle what was the
crutch
issue of competition güemes al psuv and
I always on the golf horizon the
swimmers I am later everything is
he is always swimming free and his sets in
dreams making them roches without water and
monster of chanel local partner
wells hours swimming free and screen
display expansion standby of nobody you
keep disk forget sometimes or swimming
free and intensive the sun first the
spirit of loser also he
finally and I do not come to explode and
not see injuries but strong is not
giving free the new age
yes
the sun dawns in australia swimmers
white sharks swim in the waters of
italy all hours for competition
swimmers will fight to be the champion
beyond the horizon dreams fulfilled
downcast swimmers
everything is in its place swimming free is
ready to save anything
making big crosses in hawaii in
the molokai channels blue whales
coral snakes swimming free is
in this place in the estuary of navia
Spanish swimmers plow cold waters
they want to be the best
free swimming of free tangible salmon
swimmer in the spirit of a loser and
champion of the soul the art and the party are
faithful friends and in open water
there are no lanes my border swimmers
without barriers swimming free the new era
Y
see you I am a messenger doing
be worth the law
issue of competition güemes file is
a place where now these golfers the
swimmers I am later
and always swimming free
of your dreams making meters in hawaii
control is in the local partner
clouds hours month swimming free and screen
display fading standby
It is my fault
the sun first the spirit of loser in him
after 40 years
second, the challenge
talking free of new day
we just finished the second crossing
in the valley of iruelas
and I'm not going to comment a bit on how it has
last and the first the first two
kilometers like that more or less
It has made me a bit nervous because
he started swallowing water because there was
pretty swell
then already once we have passed the
two kilometers those I 've already
used to say to the water and nothing
hit the waves to breathe and that
has been breathing sideways to
that will not swallow all the water and nothing
then we have changed the
tour then we will put it in the
web or any image to see what
we have done and nothing the truth is that
rather better than the first time because
I finished my arms well I did not
they hurt so much the last time I could not at
final I could hardly but good
finished well
and nothing we have been taking there are things
for for glucose and all that and nothing
at the end the same as in the end we have taken in
the same area and there was also quite
swell has swallowed water a couple of times
but hey, he has already accustomed me
finished well and nothing to see and the
next crossing the Cullera and see
if we get the record
Adam or free and all the nothing in the world